README.md, before:

# Grokify

Grokify is a browser extension that rewrites Wikipedia links to their Grokipedia equivalents.

## Repository Layout
- `extension/` – Chrome/Safari extension source plus release tooling.
- `website/` – Static landing page, includes downloadable ZIP of the extension.
- `TODO.md` – Feature backlog and status tracking for the extension.

## Extension (Chrome MV3)
1. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   cd extension
   bun install    # or pnpm install
   ```
2. Run in development
   ```bash
   bun dev        # plasmo dev server
   ```
   Load the generated build (e.g., `extension/build/chrome-mv3-dev`) into Chrome as an unpacked extension.
3. Production build & package
   ```bash
   bun run release
   ```
   This script runs `plasmo build`, creates `extension/grokify-extension.zip`, and copies the ZIP to `website/` for distribution.

### Key Scripts
| Command | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `bun dev` | Start Plasmo dev server with hot reload |
| `bun run build` | Production build without packaging |
| `bun run release` | Build, zip, and copy artifacts into `website/` |

## Safari Target (Optional)
`extension/safari/Grokify` contains the Xcode project generated by Plasmo for Safari. Open `Grokify.xcodeproj` in Xcode to build and test.

## Releasing
1. From `extension/`, run `bun run release`.
2. Test the built ZIP (`extension/grokify-extension.zip`).
3. Commit updated artifacts (including `website/grokify-extension.zip`).
4. Tag and push, then submit to Chrome Web Store / other stores as needed.

## Privacy & Contact
- The extension runs entirely client-side; see `website/privacy.html` for the full policy.
- Contact: `shane@grokify.app`

Commit message:

docs: update root README with X flag feature screenshot

README.md, after:

# Grokify

Grokify is a browser extension that rewrites Wikipedia links to their Grokipedia equivalents.

## New Feature: X (Twitter) Flags
Automatically displays the verified "Account based in" country flag on X (Twitter) profiles.

![X Profile Flag Example](website/assets/greg1.png)

## Repository Layout
- `extension/` – Chrome/Safari extension source plus release tooling.
- `website/` – Static landing page, includes downloadable ZIP of the extension.
- `TODO.md` – Feature backlog and status tracking for the extension.

## Extension (Chrome MV3)
1. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   cd extension
   bun install    # or pnpm install
   ```
2. Run in development
   ```bash
   bun dev        # plasmo dev server
   ```
   Load the generated build (e.g., `extension/build/chrome-mv3-dev`) into Chrome as an unpacked extension.
3. Production build & package
   ```bash
   bun run release
   ```
   This script runs `plasmo build`, creates `extension/grokify-extension.zip`, and copies the ZIP to `website/` for distribution.

### Key Scripts
| Command | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `bun dev` | Start Plasmo dev server with hot reload |
| `bun run build` | Production build without packaging |
| `bun run release` | Build, zip, and copy artifacts into `website/` |

## Safari Target (Optional)
`extension/safari/Grokify` contains the Xcode project generated by Plasmo for Safari. Open `Grokify.xcodeproj` in Xcode to build and test.

## Releasing
1. From `extension/`, run `bun run release`.
2. Test the built ZIP (`extension/grokify-extension.zip`).
3. Commit updated artifacts (including `website/grokify-extension.zip`).
4. Tag and push, then submit to Chrome Web Store / other stores as needed.

## Privacy & Contact
- The extension runs entirely client-side; see `website/privacy.html` for the full policy.
- Contact: `shane@grokify.app`
